Right now, there's an AI tool called
Open Claw blowing up the internet.
>> OpenCloud. Open Claw.
>> Open Claw.
>> A personal AI agent that runs on your
machine, connects to your email, your
Slack, your calendar, and does things
while you sleep. And everyone online is
asking the same question. How do I make
money with it? But here is the problem.
Most people are going to download it,
set it up for themselves, maybe automate
a few tasks, and wonder why nobody's
paying them. That's the same mistake
thousands of people made with chat bots
2 years ago. They learned the tool, but
they never learned the business. My
co-founder and I have built and deployed
AI agents for real businesses and
generated over $600,000
in revenue, not by running the tool, but
by understanding where businesses need
it most. So today I'm going to show you
three ways to turn open close into a
real business. I'm not going to teach
you the theory or give you a list of
ideas from Twitter. I'm going to show
you the actual model we use with real
clients and real numbers and how you can
start this week.
So first let me explain what Open Glow
actually does because most people still
don't get it. Chat GBT answers your
questions. Open Glow does things for
you. It's a personal AI agent that lives
on your machine with over 200,000 stars
on GitHub. It's the fastest growing
open-source project in history. It reads
your emails and drafts responses. It
monitors your Slack and flags what
matters. It run tasks at 6:00 a.m. while
you're still asleep. It controls your
browser, manages your files, and
connects 50 tools and services. And it
has over 5,000 skills you can plug in
from their public registry. And it's
fully open source, completely free. So
if the tool is free, if anyone can
download it, if the code is sitting
right there on GitHub for the whole
world to see, where is the money? The
money is in the gap. Open Collo requires
a command line, node, API keys, security
hardening, and custom configuration.
There are workspace files you have to
write. Soul file for the agents
personality and values and agents file
for its operating rules. That's not
plugandplay. One of Open Clo's own
mainteners warned that if you can't
understand the command line, the project
is too dangerous to use safely. That's
95% of business owners. They heard about
it. They got excited. They tried to set
it up, but they got stuck and they moved
on. That gap between this tool exists
and this tool works inside my business
is worth serious money. And that's not a
guess. That's the exact gap my business
partner and I have been filling for the
past 2 years, just with different tools.
Think of it this way. Someone just
invented the most powerful engine ever
made and gave it away for free. But the
engine doesn't come with a car. No
steering wheel, no seats, no frame.
Someone has to build a car around the
engine. That someone is you. And if
you're watching this and thinking, "But
won't just everyone learn to set this up
on their own?" The answer is simply no.
The same way everyone can build their
own website, yet the web development
industry is worth tens of billions of
dollars a year. People and businesses
pay to close that gap every single time.
Okay, so the gap is the business. But
what does that actually look like in
practice? There are three levels to this
and each one pays more than the last.
The first level is the simplest entry
point. Done for you open close setup.
You get on a 30inut call with a founder
or an executive. You ask them three
questions. What tools do you use every
day? What eats up most of your time? And
what do you wish just happens
automatically? Then you go build it. You
set up Open Glow on a server or their
own machine. You configure the skills
they need. You write their soul and
agents files. the files that define the
agent's personality, what it can do and
what it can't touch. You connect their
email, their Slack, their calendar, and
so on. You test it, and you hand it over
with a guide. The client gets a 24/7 AI
assistant that would cost them $80,000 a
year as a human hire. You spend 3 to
four hours on setup and maybe 2 hours a
month to keep it running. Now, here is
what everyone gets wrong with this. They
think the hard part is a tech, but it's
not. The hard part is knowing what the
assistant should do. That's a consulting
skill, not a coding skill. You need to
understand what a business or an
executive actually struggles with. And
that's the part no YouTube tutorial will
teach you. And let me be clear about
pricing. You may not be able to charge
$5,000 on your first client. And that's
okay. You can start with $500 to $1,000.
Get real results for two or three
people. Learn what works and then raise
your prices with proof. Now, my business
partner Ali and I don't just run AI
projects for businesses. We also help
people start and scale their own AI
consulting businesses. We have helped
over 50 people do this so far. So, if
that's something you are interested in,
I would love to invite you to schedule a
call with us to see how we can help you
scale and if this is the right fit.
That's the top link in the description.
Now, let me show you levels two and
three because this is where the real
money lives. The second level is where
things get serious. Instead of a
one-time setup, you build an ongoing AI
system that runs a part of their
business for them, and you charge
monthly for it. This is exactly what we
did for a yacht management company
called Stewardly. Before we came in,
here is what their operation looked
like. The chief stewardess spent 10
hours every trip counting inventory by
hand. She had to physically walk through
every storage area on the yacht and
write everything down on a paper. She
used sticky notes, whiteboards, and
notebooks. Then after the trip, she
would sit down with her laptop and spend
another 2 hours typing everything in.
Her laptop was the only place where the
Excel spreadsheet lived. And during the
trip itself, nobody could check the
inventory because the laptop couldn't be
open during the 24/7 guest service. So
the whole crew was guessing. Nobody knew
how much champagne they had left. They
would have to go ask the chief's stew.
If she is busy, they would have to wait
30 minutes to 2 hours just for an
answer. So, we built them a WhatsApp
based AI agent. Now, any crew member
could text something like two beach
towels, one sunscreen, two bags of
chips, and this system would understand
it. The system would categorize
everything, update the database in real
time, and confirm back what changed. It
worked with voice notes, too, in
multiple languages because yacht crews
come from everywhere. As a result, 10
hours of manual inventory work dropped
to under an hour per trip. We projected
$21,000 a year in labor savings for a
fivep person crew. Over $19,000 in
savings from not over orderering
supplies. And the crew could check stock
levels in under 2 minutes instead of
waiting up to 2 hours. That's a
recurring revenue client. You build a
system once, you manage it monthly and
they pay you every single month because
the system runs their operations. That's
not a gig, that's a business. The third
level is the premium end. And this is
where the real money lives. Instead of
setting up one agent, you walk into a
company and you audit their entire
operation. You find every workflow that
eats human hours. You map out which
problems AI can solve and which it
can't. And then you design a full system
with multiple agents to transform how
that business runs. We did this with a
youth sports academy called Flight
Freun. They were using an old CRM
platform called Glowfox. It was over
complicated, expensive, and not built
for their niche at all. They had
specific age groups and ability levels.
When a kid moved midmon, someone had to
manually click through every field to
reassign them. Their customer support
team, which was four people, spent their
entire day answering WhatsApp messages
by hand. They didn't have time to
explore the tools they were already
paying for, let alone chase new sales.
So, we built them a complete system, a
custom CRM designed for their industry.
WhatsApp integration for 247 automated
responses, a voice agent that handles
inquiries by phone in multiple
languages, and a staff training agent so
new coaches could learn the system
without pulling the senior staff off the
floor. We offered three packages from
$10,000 to $20,000. That's a single
client and it came from one discovery
call where we asked the right questions
and understood their actual problem.
This is the premium end and the reason
it comments those prices has nothing to
do with the technology being harder.
It's because understanding a business
deeply enough to transform it is a rare
skill. Open Glow makes the tech side
easier. But the ability to walk into a
business, find where it's broken, and
design a system that fixes it. That's
what's scarce and that's what people and
businesses pay for.
Now, let me be honest about something
because I don't want this video to sound
like every other person online hyping up
this tool to sell your dream. Look, Open
Claw is not magic. It has real
limitations that nobody's talking about.
Security is a serious concern. You are
giving an AI agent access to your email,
your files, your CRM, your calendar, and
what have you. for businesses with
sensitive data. And every real business
has sensitive data. That's not a feature
demo. That's a conversation about risk,
trust, and guard rails. The agent makes
mistakes. Skills break when they update.
It hallucinates. It does things you
didn't ask it to. And if you set it up
wrong, it can send emails you didn't
want to send, delete files you needed,
or just completely misunderstand what
the client wants. Your job is not to
pretend these problems don't exist. Your
job is to understand them better than
your client does. To set the guard
rails, to build the soul file that keeps
the agent in check, to monitor and
maintain the system after you hand it
over. That's what turns this from a
weekend project into a real business.
It's the difference between someone who
sells your car and someone who's your
mechanic for life. The sale is nice but
the relationship is the business. And
that brings me to the deeper point here.
Every few months a new tool drops and
internet losses its mind. 6 months ago
it was cloud code. Before that it was
custom GPTs and before that it was auto
GPT. The tool changes every time but the
business model doesn't. Businesses still
have messy data, broken workflows and
teams that don't know where to start
with AI. The gap between tech and what
businesses need is widening, not
narrowing. And every new tool that comes
out just makes the gap more obvious. So
if you're constantly chasing the tool,
you will always be starting over. But if
you build a skill of understanding
business problems and applying AI to
solve them, you will never run out of
work, no matter what the new tool is.
So here is what I would do if I were
starting from zero right now. Find one
person you know who runs a business.
Could be a friend, could be someone you
follow on LinkedIn, could be a local
business in your city. And ask them one
question. What takes up most of your
time that you wish just happened on its
own? Then shut up and listen because
their answer is your first client. You
don't need a perfect open close setup.
You don't need a website. You don't need
an AI tutorial to finish first. You need
one real conversation with one real
business owners who has a real problem
and then you figure out how to solve it
with open claw with claude with whatever
tool gets the job done. That's how my
co-founder and I started. We didn't know
everything. We just know enough to ask
the right questions. And that's the
thing nobody wants to hear. You don't
learn this stuff by watching more AI
tutorials. You learn it by doing the
work. by sitting across from a real
business owner with a real problem and
figuring it out together. The first
client won't be perfect, but it will
teach you more in one week than 6 months
of tutorials ever could. Open Claw gave
everyone free access to the most
powerful AI agent infrastructure ever
built. And that's incredible. But the
tool was never the business. The gap
between the tool and what a business
really needs, that's your business. And
that gap isn't closing. It's only
growing. You don't need to be technical.
You don't need years of experience. You
need to understand problems and know how
to solve them. If you want to build a
real AI consulting business with a
proven framework, I would love to invite
you to schedule a call with us to see
how we can help you scale and if this is
the right fit. We have helped over 50
people start and grow their AI
businesses. That's the top link in the
description. Remember, tools are free,
experience is not.